[Music]
You have multiple goals, whether it's a
dream home, an economic plan for your children's education, or
even a luxury car.
You have financial goals. To
achieve all these goals,
you need an investment plan and
an insurance policy that will
provide a safety net in case of any unfortunate events.
For this reason, when you're
considering choosing an investment product, you need to conduct inductive research.
In this video, we conduct
inductive research on the IIC Pro Wealth One plan
and
analyze its returns to see if these returns will help
you achieve your financial goals.
Let's begin the video.
Hello friends, welcome to holisticinvestment.in.
Pro Wealth plans are
protection-oriented life insurance
plans with a single premium payment option. Let's first discuss its features.
In these, the investor
pays the premium once and that premium continues for the
entire policy term.  You will be able to enjoy the benefits. There are
nine fund options for the investor in this
and if you look at it, then at the
end of the policy term, the percentage of single
premium is given to the investor in the form of wealth boosters
and if
you look at it, debt benefit is given due to Married Women Property Act.
After looking at the features, we will next see that about the benefits of IC Prove
Wealth Plan,
three
benefits are given to the investor in this, first is the
debt benefit, second is the
maturity benefit, third is the
boosters, debt benefit, which
can be higher or the following, sum sum in which top
up sum is included and
fund value in which top up fund
value is included and it can be
105 percent of the single premium pen
in which there are higher premiums, then it is
given in the name of debt benefit for the nominee,
second is the maturity
benefit, if you look at it, then when the policy matures, then  The
fund value is
given in the name of maturity benefit. If there is
wealth boosters or any other top-up
fund value, then that is also included.
Thirdly, boosters.
If the policy holder
takes a policy term of 5 years, then for that the single premium is
charged at 2.50% in the name of boosters.
If the policy holder
takes a policy term of 10 years, then for that the single
premium is charged at 2.75% and if there is any
top-up premium with that, then that too is
charged in the name of boosters. Now let's
talk about the fund options and investment strategy of ICICI Pro and Wealth Plan. If the investor wants, then he can invest at any
time or with any of the nine fund options and
in any proportion. He can
switch his investment corpus at any time by taking the switch option available. If you
see, the risk profile of every fund option keeps increasing towards the underlying assets.
Therefore, as an investor, you should keep your
risk profile in mind.  You will be able to
invest in one fund or more than one fund.
Talking about the investment strategy of this plan,
it follows the automatic transfer
strategy. In this, the
investor gets the benefit of rupee cost averaging.
In this, if the investor has
some portion of investment, then he will be able to
invest in income funds and money market funds. If
he has to, then he will be able to invest in
any of the following funds on a monthly basis or on a regular basis. The
names of the funds are
Value Enhancer Fund, Balance Advantage
Fund, Sustainable Equity Fund, Maximizer
Multi Cap Growth Fund. If you look at it, then the
investor does not have to pay any separate charges for this.
Now let us talk about the
various charges in IIC Pro and Wealth Plan.
First, there is
premium allocation charge. There is
no premium allocation charge in this.
Second, there is policy administration
charge.
Third, there is
fund management charge. If you look at it, then
despite the money market fund, there is
fund management charge for all the funds.  1.35 But the
fourth is the mortality charge.
Depending on the sum risk, the number of
units is reduced. Similarly,
mortality charges are deducted from the investor.
Fifth is the
discontinuance charge. If you look at it, the discontinuance charge
depends on your policy year and premium amount.
You definitely have to spend the discontinuance charge
but there is no discontinuance charge for you from the PA policy.
What should you learn as an investor?
If you look at it, compared to other ULIPs, there is no
premium
levy and policy administration charge.
Still, it has charges like other ULIPs, like
discontinuance charge
and mortality charge and if you look at it,
fund management charge. Similarly, these charges
can reduce your overall investment value and investment returns. And if
you look at it, like other market linked
products, you will
not be able to invest in it whenever you want and
you will not be able to exit whenever you want. You will be
able to do it now but for that you will have to
pay extra charges if you have other
market linked products.  Compared to ICICI Bank, the
lack of transparency and lower return
potential makes it an unattractive investment product
for investors looking for inflation-beating returns.
Next, let's talk about the benefits of the ICICI Pro and
Well plan.
Investors can choose to
receive their returns in lump sums, and by using the
settlement option, they
can also receive them in structured payouts.
If investors opt for a 10-year policy term,
they can make unlimited partial withdrawals and
unlimited fee switches between funds. They
can also invest the surplus amount as top premium.
If investors opt for a 5-year policy term,
they can also increase it for 10 years.
This plan is also flexible for investors.
Like the advantages, you
also need to learn about the disadvantages,
which can lead to  You
can take a clear decision. There is a lock-in
period of 5 years. If you look at it, then as
an investor you need to wait for 5 years
if you
want to surrender or if you
want to discontinue. If you
are in such a consent, then it will be less difficult for you to
cope with changing financial circumstances.
Because
your
investment product and plan should provide you
flexibility for changing financial circumstances, but
due to not providing that flexibility in this plan,
you may find it more difficult to achieve your future financial goals.
And there is
no loan facility in it. If you look at it, then in
any emergency situation, you will be
able to come to the aid of such an investor and at that time your
investment product should help you. Keeping this in
mind, most of the lip
policies have loan facility, but
due to the absence of loan facility in it,
you find it more difficult to tackle that emergency
situation. As an investor, you should
choose your investment product keeping all the things in mind.
From that perspective, ICICI Pro  One
Wealth Plan may
not be an ideal choice for investors. Now in this section,
we will look at the research methodology of ICICI Pro One Wealth Plan.
If
you are aware of the potential returns of ICICI Pro One Wealth Plan, then it can
help you to understand how efficient this plan will be
for your financial goals.
When you compare the
potential returns of this plan with the
potential returns of other investment products,
then you will
know whether this plan will be
able to help you in achieving your financial goals or
not. To calculate the potential returns of this plan,
we load the ICICI portal.
In this, there is a person who is
30 years old and he has purchased the ICC Pro
One Wealth Plan and
his sum assured is Rs 1 crore and the
expenditure for it is Rs
10 lakh and that too is a single premium amount.
Its plus term and see that in 10
years, we have the result at 8 and at 4  The results are
provided for illustration purposes only, but
this does not mean that these are not the upper limit
and lower limit of the plan.
Now, after 10 years, the final
maturity value of the investor is Rs. 12.02 lakh
and its IRR is 1.86. After 10 years,
if the investor
considers the best scenario, then the
fund value of the investor is Rs. 17.6
lakh and its IRR is 5.85. As an
investor, there is one more thing that
needs to be kept in mind. If you
buy any ULIP after February 1, 2021, and at any time
in the policy tenure of that ULIP, if
you invest more than Rs. 2.5 lakh in
premium, then
your maturity benefit from it is
taxable because these ULIPs are
taxable. When tax is considered,
your investment returns
fall even further. For this reason,
we can say this.  Now, you
need to take more risk, but the
returns are very low. If you
look at it, these debt investments do
not give you returns, so they are
not an ideal plan for achieving your financial goals.
If you had chosen ULIPs in this way, then
you would have faced
more difficulty in achieving your financial goals.
Therefore, you need to think more and pay more attention
to what kind of
investment product will be
available to you for your financial goals. Now,
along with the ICICI Pro & Well plan, we
also compare other investment options. If we
look at it, then if the same
investor invests the same lump sum amount
in other investment options, then
how much returns will he be able to earn?
Now,
if we look at it, then that information can
help the investor in choosing the ideal investment product by keeping in mind his objective and financial goals.
Such Pro & Well plans,
while making life easier for the investor,
also give him the opportunity to invest in the market.  It is given for this reason,
we should choose other investment
products like this which
also add the features of a life insurance policy for the investor
and if seen from another perspective, it
can also be a type of market linked product due to which one can accumulate wealth.
When you look at it from that perspective,
a pure term life insurance policy
along with ESS is an ideal option. For a
sum assured of Rs. 10 lakh, it is
necessary to keep aside the insurance premium,
which can be spent on life insurance. If we
look at it, then the investor can
take a pure term life insurance policy.
We
consider this example as an illustration, due to which it becomes
easier for us to compare.
In this, an investor can take a pure
term life insurance policy of sum assured of Rs. 1
crore.
For that, the single premium
payment required to be made is Rs. 94,000. The remaining Rs.
9.06 lakh will be available for investment.
In this, we should choose ESS fund.
If you look at it, when they are
redeemed from the ESS fund, then
capital gains tax has to be paid. The
tax calculation is also
given below for your information. Now, the
pre-tax maturity value of the ESS fund is 28.1
lakh and the post-tax maturity value is
26.3 lakh. If an investor were to choose a pure term
life insurance policy along with LSS, then the
post-tax return for him would be
10.17 lakh. Due to these inflation-beating returns,
it will help him in achieving his financial goals in a better way. And when
compared to the IIC Prove Well Plan, it has another advantage for the investor. The
lock-in period is
lower in this, hence it provides
more flexibility to the investor.
Due to its higher liquidity, it can help
in tackling changing financial circumstances or
investment comp in a better way. If
seen in the long run, it will
help the investor in building wealth.
If you
invest in the ICICI Proven Wealth Plan in the long run, it may make it
more difficult for investors to achieve their financial goals because it doesn't provide inflation-beating returns.
For this reason, you need to
think more about the
type of investment product you should
invest in and the type of
investment product your investment
portfolio should include.
We've
reviewed the inner note about the ICICI Proven Wealth Plan so far. Now, it's
time to see its final verdict. An
investor will be
able to make a balanced investment and
allow time for that investment to grow.
These are the special features of the ICICI Proven Wealth Plan.
Similar to ULIPs, it also offers life cover and market-linked
investment opportunities.
Most investors
invest in it with this mindset. If you
look at it, like other ULIPs, it
also has higher charges.
Being a market-linked product, it
also carries higher risk. In a way,
investors are required to take more risk,
but it has  Due to the
charges incurred, its investment value and
investment returns also decrease. If
you look at it, in the long run,
because these do not provide inflation-beating returns,
they are not an ideal plan for the investor to achieve his financial goals.
If an investor is
thinking about achieving life goals, then it is
necessary to build a well-diversified portfolio and choose the right
investment product depending on his goals. It is
also
important to keep in mind the time horizon because
different
investment products for different time horizons can
help the investor in achieving his financial goals. After
taking all these things into consideration, the
investment product should be chosen.
Life insurance is an
important part when you
think about financial planning.
That is why when you
think about financial planning, you
first need to buy a pure term life insurance policy
because a
pure term life insurance policy acts as a
cover for you in emergency situations.  These are the
covers that will help you
achieve your financial goals in more ways.
If you buy a pure term life insurance policy, you
get high coverage for a low cost. To achieve your financial goals,
you need to develop a comprehensive
financial plan.
For comprehensive financial planning, you need to approach a certified financial planner.
They will be able to create a balanced financial plan keeping in mind your
financial goals, risk factors, and time
horizon. This
financial plan will help you achieve your financial goals.
If you
want a detailed analysis and analysis of the ICICI Pro & Well plan, you can read our article. The
link to this article is provided
in the description.
If you have any doubts about this topic or any other
finance and investment-related topic, you can
book an appointment with our financial expert. The
appointment link is provided in the description.
Then you will learn more about investments and finance.  If you
want to know more then attend our live webinar. The
link of the webinar is also
given in the description. The webinar
is absolutely free. If you like this video then like it,
share it with your friends
and definitely subscribe.
Thank you.